docs: add tutorial + introduction for full mev emulation with eth2-package (#1091)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: docs/docs/guides/how-to-full-mev-with-eth2-package.md

This milestone marks a huge step forward in the journey towards a full, in-protocol PBS implementation for Proof-of-Stake Ethereum as developers across the ecosystem now have a way to instantiate fully functioning testnets to validate functionality, behvaior, and scales across all client combinations with a Builder API implementation (Flashbots', in this case).

Keep reading to learn [how it all works](#brief-overview-of-the-architecture) & [how to get started with the `eth2-package`](#quickstart).

#### Why `eth2-package`?
As a reminder, the [`eth2-package`](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/eth2-package) is a reproducible and portable environment definition that should be used to bootstrap & deploy private testnets. The package will function the exact same way locally or in the cloud over Docker or Kubernetes, supports all major Execution Layer (EL) and Consensus Layer (CL) client implementations, and can be scaled to whatever size your team needs - limited only by your underlying hardware/backend.

#### What if I only want the MEV parts?

> And if that wasn't enough, Kurtosis environment definitions (known as [Packages](https://docs.kurtosis.com/concepts-reference/packages/)) are entirely composable, meaning you can define and build-your-own private testnet using only the parts you need and with the option of adding your own services (e.g. MEV searcher tools). Feel free to check out [eth-kurtosis](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/eth-kurtosis) for how to do this!

Reviewer: do we link out to this still?

Author: yes

The `eth2-package` with MEV emulation are already in use by client teams to help uncover bugs (examples [here](https://github.com/prysmaticlabs/prysm/pull/12736) and [here](https://github.com/NethermindEth/nethermind/commit/4d805769159dc0717aa1ba38cc3ebc53f9a375cf)). 

Everything you see below in the architecture diagram gets configured, initialized, and bootstrapped together by Kurtosis.

![mev-arch](../../static/img/guides/full-mev-infra-arch-diagram.png)

#### Caveats:

> * The `mev-boost` service (a sidecar for the consensus layer client) requires Capella at an epoch of non-zero. For the eth2-package, the Capella fork is set to happen after the first epoch to be started up and fully connected to the CL client.

Reviewer: mev-boost-relay requires this!!

> * The `mev-boost` service (a sidecar for the consensus layer client) requires Capella at an epoch of non-zero. For the eth2-package, the Capella fork is set to happen after the first epoch to be started up and fully connected to the CL client.

Author: ```suggestion
* The `mev-boost-relay` service (a sidecar for the consensus layer client) requires Capella at an epoch of non-zero. For the eth2-package, the Capella fork is set to happen after the first epoch to be started up and fully connected to the CL client.
```

* After the 3rd epoch, the `mev-relay` service will begin to receive execution payloads (`eth_sendPayload`, which does not contain transaction content) from the `mev-builder` service (or `mock-builder` in `mock-mev` mode).
* Validators will then start to receive validated execution payload headers from the `mev-relay` service (via `mev-boost`) after the 4th epoch. The validator selects the most valuable header, signs the payload, and returns the signed header to the relay - effectively proposing that block to be included. Once the relay verifies the block proposer's signature, the relay will respond with the full execution payload body (incl. the transaction contents) for the validator to use when proposing a `SignedBeaconBlock` to the network.

:::note
Quick aside on what `mev-flood` does:

> Once the network is online, `mev-flood` will deploy UniV2 smart contracts, provision liquidity on UniV2 pairs, & begin to send a constant stream of UniV2 swap transactions to the network's public mempool. Depending on the mode you're running, either the `mock-builder` or Flashbot's `mev-builder`, the transactions will be bundled into payloads for downstream use by the relayer or by validators themselves. It is important to note that `mev-flood` will only be initialized with the `full-mev` set up and will send transactions with a block value of 0. Read more about [`mev-flood` here](https://github.com/flashbots/mev-flood). 

Reviewer: mev-flood will send transactions with a non zero block value!!

Reviewer: non zero block value -> coinbase address is getting richer

> Once the network is online, `mev-flood` will deploy UniV2 smart contracts, provision liquidity on UniV2 pairs, & begin to send a constant stream of UniV2 swap transactions to the network's public mempool. Depending on the mode you're running, either the `mock-builder` or Flashbot's `mev-builder`, the transactions will be bundled into payloads for downstream use by the relayer or by validators themselves. It is important to note that `mev-flood` will only be initialized with the `full-mev` set up and will send transactions with a block value of 0. Read more about [`mev-flood` here](https://github.com/flashbots/mev-flood). 

Author: ```suggestion
Once the network is online, `mev-flood` will deploy UniV2 smart contracts, provision liquidity on UniV2 pairs, & begin to send a constant stream of UniV2 swap transactions to the network's public mempool. Depending on the mode you're running, either the `mock-builder` or Flashbot's `mev-builder`, the transactions will be bundled into payloads for downstream use by the relayer or by validators themselves. It is important to note that `mev-flood` will only be initialized with the `full-mev` set up and will send transactions with a non-zero block value. Read more about [`mev-flood` here](https://github.com/flashbots/mev-flood). 
```
